README.md, before:

## ** Introduction**
**Nuke script Teleporter** is a UI hotbox style application for Nuke that will allow users to quickly jump to specific areas of the script so artist can work faster and efficiently .
The idea is to setup important parts of any given Nuke script, like Characters, Props, Plates, Cameras. After doing this the artist would be able to quickly navigate to any of the mentioned areas of the script with only a couple of clicks. 

As part of the development roadmap there would be a bunch of features that I would like to add like:

- Implementation for Linux and other OS,  since the main development would be done in Windows. 
- Creation of custom Bookmarks. 
- Customization for specific projects, adding icons and images that represent an specific project, just to give it a bit of flavor.


## Alt. option ##
**Comp assistant** is a tool tha aims to help the artist to keep track of things to do and organize a bit better their workflow to ease the task of taking a shot from slapcomp to final. Tackling one task at a time is the best recipe to success and that is what this tool is thought for. 
It consists in a UI where the artist can enter and categorize notes in personal or supervisor notes so they can plan ahead and have a better overview of the task ahead. 

As part of the development roadmap there would be a bunch of features that I would like to add like:
- communication to platforms like SG or FTRACK to have quick access to supervisor notes.

Commit message:

ADDING an alternative option of tool creation.

README.md, after:

## ** INTRODUCTION**
**Nuke script Teleporter** is a UI hotbox style application for Nuke that will allow users to quickly jump to specific areas of the script so artist can work faster and efficiently .
The idea is to setup important parts of any given Nuke script, like Characters, Props, Plates, Cameras. After doing this the artist would be able to quickly navigate to any of the mentioned areas of the script with only a couple of clicks. 

As part of the development roadmap there would be a bunch of features that I would like to add like:

- Implementation for Linux and other OS,  since the main development would be done in Windows. 
- Creation of custom Bookmarks. 
- Customization for specific projects, adding icons and images that represent an specific project, just to give it a bit of flavor.


## ALT. OPTION 01 ##
**Comp assistant** is a tool tha aims to help the artist to keep track of things to do and organize a bit better their workflow to ease the task of taking a shot from slapcomp to final. Tackling one task at a time is the best recipe to success and that is what this tool is thought for. 
It consists in a UI where the artist can enter and categorize notes in personal or supervisor notes so they can plan ahead and have a better overview of the task ahead. 

As part of the development roadmap there would be a bunch of features that I would like to add like:
- communication to platforms like SG or FTRACK to have quick access to supervisor notes. 

## ALT OPTION 02 ##
**Phoenix_nodeShare** is a tool that would allow artist to share nodes with the help of a simple interface. Artist will be able to set a shared folder where the tools will be stored and share/import said tools using the application interface. The word Phoenix comes from Rick&Morty's, Edge of Tomorty episode. (a bit of a nerdy name)
